Wetube Note

1. NPM (Node Package Manager) - All nodeJS packages are uploaded to NPM
								Do not have to take care of individual versions of nodeJS packages by using npm.

2. Begin a project using "npm init" command

3. Express (Server) - install using "npm install express"

4. When you install something using NPM, make sure you are in the location that has "package.json"

5. "package.json" includes the list of packages that are needed for the project

   => no need to give "node_modules" to collaborate with others

   => "npm istall" will automatically install the packages.

6. Things in "node_module" are installed by npm - you don't have to worry about this

7. ".gitignore" includes the list of files that won't be uploaded to git
   You can always use "nodeJS default gitignore
   package-lock.json has to be included to gitignore

8. The commands can be used on terminal can be on package.json as script

9. GET:
   POST:

10. Request object 
    Responce object

11. Babel convert the latest version of Javascript into a traditional javascript
    Install Babel using "npm install @babel/node" then "npm install @babel/preset-env"
    Create ".babelrc" file for configuration

12. "nodemon" is used to reboot the server every time we save the files
    "npm install nodemon -D" will install the package

13. devDependencies are for developer not for the project

14. Middleware 

15. Morgan is a logging package ( a kind of middleware). 

16. Helmet is a middleware that helps the project improve security.
    
17. body-parser: Checks what kind of information users using or sending
    cookie-parser

18. M(Module): data
    V(View): how does the data look
    C(Controller): function that looks for the data 

19. PUG: One of the ways that you can handle HMTL on EXPRESS (View Engine)
    
    => Names of files have to be in lower case.

    => layouts: pre-made templates (Name of the folder can be vary)
       parials: partial of views

    => "block content" is where other files will be located.

    => To use pre-made templetes, each file has to include "extends location of the template on top of the file. 

20. localsMiddleware enables local variable to be used as global variable

xx. "Multer" is a middleware that returns URL of files

xx. eslint is a nodejs package that tells you errors
